this is what protest looks like in
Detroit right now no loudspeakers but
lots of flags and lots of listening the
people's conference for Palestine more
than 3,000 activists in one place
carefully planning the next phase of a
mass movement against Israel's war on
Gaza this area downstairs is effectively
the heart of this conference this is
where people can come together they can
buy merchandise to support businesses
local businesses that support the people
of pal time but also they can share
ideas we've got people here from all
over the world those ideas are coming
from up there that's where the workshops
are taking place the plenaries and all
of the guest speakers and there are lots
of
them working through dozens of topics
they're talking about Israel weapons
technology and the money behind it
students on their own front line as
we've seen across the us over the last
month relationships between Washington
and Israel's government how to impact
them and labor movements particularly
coffee giant Starbucks which has seen
its massive Workforce take a stand
against the killings I live in a very
Arab based community so a lot of the
Arab people have just been really happy
to see the Palestinian flag being like
supported and like worn out at the at
the store especially from someone who
like looks like me but one man who isn't
here Hassan Abu Sia the British
Palestinian surgeon who spent 43 days
treating gaz's War wounded like many
others according to organizers he
couldn't get a Visa in time but those
behind this conference are determined to
go on and make a difference a wide range
of people coming together uh in and of
itself shows our commitment to continue
to struggle until Palestine is free and
I think we're making that clear to Biden
old and young one issue unites them and
they won't give up until the people of
Gaza have peace Phil LEL Al jazer
Detroit make sure to subscribe to our
Channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer